# 다른 분산장부 기술

Quorum : 이더리움 기반 Permissioned

Corda : 사업간 자동화된 법적 동의를 기록, 관리

Chain Core : 재무서비스 기관에 의해 디자인됨

## Chain core

[]( https://chain.com/technology/)

Chain Core is an enterprise permissioned blockchain system that is mostly focused on financial services, like currencies, securities, derivatives, gift cards, and loyalty points. The company partners with clients to launch and operate a network under the client's brand. Thanks to its strategic partnerships with companies such as Capital One, Citigroup, Fiserv, Nasdaq, Orange, Visa, etc., the company raised over $40 million in funding since 2014.

Within the Chain Core network, the creation and transfer of assets is decentralized. However, as stated in the 2016 Kudelski Security report,

"the operation of the network is governed by a designated set of entities known as a federation".

## Corda

Corda is a distributed ledger platform, which features a blockchain-style P2P network; however, it is not a blockchain platform. Unlike blockchains, which involve global availability of data across the network and third party validators, Corda only allows information access and validation functions to parties actually involved in the transaction. Featuring a different software architecture, "Corda achieves consensus between firms at the level of individual deals, not the level of the system" (Richard Gendal Brown, 2016), while supporting a variety of consensus mechanisms.

[](www.corda.net)

## Quroum

Created by JPMorgan, Quorum is, in fact, a fork of the Ethereum public blockchain, which uses a voting-based consensus algorithm to facilitate an enterprise-focused distributed ledger and smart contract platform. Data privacy is achieved within the network by allowing data visibility on a need-to-know basis. The platform is designed to support "both transaction-level privacy and network-wide transparency" (jpmorgan.com). The network validates all smart contracts and overall system state through the involvement of all running nodes. As with other permissioned ledgers, regulatory compliance is front and center in the Quorum platform.

## IOTA

The cryptocurrency IOTA has been around since 2015. According to Martin Rosulek, "It is the first cryptocurrency that provides the whole ecosystem based on blockless blockchain" to enable machine-to-machine (M2M) transactions.

IOTA, however, is more than just a cryptocurrency. Essentially, the platform entails a generalization of the blockchain protocol (the technology called Tangle) that sits at the backend of the IOTA platform.

Instead of paying miners to validate the transactions, the architecture of the network involves peer-based validation. We can think of a simple analogy, that of a teacher grading students' homework: the students are the clients/users in the Bitcoin protocol, and the teacher is the miner/validator. Tangle technology asks students (users) to grade each other's homework, making the need for a teacher (external validator) redundant, and avoiding expenses related to the teacher's/validator's work. This allows the platform to be completely free of cost, without facing the scaling challenges that are inherent in the first generation of blockchains.
f blockchains.

Additionally, the use of the platform with connected devices or the Internet of Things

"enables companies to explore new business-to-business models by making every technological resource a potential service to be traded on an open market in real time, with no fees"